[Zaraz]Clarified message and switched image (#3091)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/zaraz/src/content/get-started/create-trigger.md

Triggers are a set of conditions you can use to determine if and when Cloudflare Zaraz should send events to third-party tools. In most cases, your objective will be to capture specific site actions that are relevant to your business. A trigger will usually be based on an action the end user has taken on your website. That action will then be passed to Cloudflare Zaraz using the Events API or the `dataLayer`. For example, when a user clicks a button, you can use the Event API to track this activity and use it as a trigger to send events to specific tools.

> For most tools, the trigger will be a simple **page view** event type, for which Cloudflare Zaraz offers a `Pageview` preset configuration. If this is the case for the tool you are choosing, you do not need to do anything else. For example, with the tool Facebook Pixel, you just need to add your account ID and access token, and Zaraz will configure the event for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most tools, the trigger will be a simple **page view** event type, for which Cloudflare Zaraz offers a `Pageview` preset configuration. If this is the case for the tool you are choosing, you do not need to do anything else. For example, with the Facebook Pixel tool you only need to enter your account ID and access token, and Zaraz will configure the event for you.
```
I'd consider using ``tool Facebook Pixel``, in this order, if "Facebook Pixel" used bold or monospaced formatting.

1. In **Match Rule**, define the condition that will activate this trigger. 

>     1. In **Variable name**, input the variable you want as the trigger. For example, `{{ client.__zarazTrack }}` is the name of an event a user sends using `zaraz.track()`. Refer to the [Zaraz event and system properties](/properties-reference) table for a list of variables you can use as triggers. 

Reviewer: You should either mention the specific table you're referring to (there are two tables in the target page) and link to that specific section, or remove the "table" reference: `` Refer to [Zaraz event and system properties](/properties-reference) for a list (...)``.

Author: Done
